it's not just blowing bubbles it's like
a stall it's the sunlight
and the flowers and the giant inflatable
whale
enemies
so though sometimes they float up soon
as they put down
there you go
alexander wanted to make a video so what
do you want to talk about in this video
i love you you're the best thank you
[Music]
there are many ways to draw a star this
is one
but it's up to you level you can put on
you can put on trees
you could put flowers you could put any
kind of decoration on the basket you
want
so you can think about it a little bit
but if you just want to practice drawing
stars
there's more than one way to draw a star
i can show you right so you start with a
triangle
right and then the flat line good
as the sun sets over the vehicle
instrumental train station
this is the thing when you start a video
you kind of have to have an idea of what
you want to
say in the video and do it melissa
you're the best you're the best
thanks lovell on the way home at the
beach without even having
deflated our giant pineapple oh my god
my pineapple is the best
i'm just taking a little phone view and
then at the end we'll get to take a
photograph of the basket when it's all
done
yeah when you put hearts and stars in
place
on every part of the basketball
[Music]
oh
i promise you will like the shower
[Applause]
now
[Music]
[Applause]
these are one of my fav slinkies so the
story behind these slinkies you saw
another girl with a slinky in the park
yeah and you said that's what you want
you want to have a slinky
so you can jump up and down and the
slinky will jump up and down with you
okay and i carried you on my head we
walked in the hot hot sun
we walked to from we walked across
national level
choose which choose which butterfly you
want
um i don't know i don't like any of
these butterflies
i guess the yellow one is the best of
alexandra wanted to make a video so
making it
yeah that's the um you don't want to ask
melissa which is her favorite butterfly
melissa of the butterflies on her
t-shirt which one is your favorite
you also get to choose yes
i think my favorite is this one
oh oh you're giving it to me
[Music]
is i'm putting in my phone
but that's all oh okay so it's just a
special bag and that way i can boogie
inside uh inside it's on the train okay
at the park yeah
[Music]
boogie
ever
actually we fit a few extra things in
right
so you have your pinwheel which we've
taken to the beach a lot
and you've got room yeah for your
pineapple juice right yeah
you just ness yes and now you're
completely dressed and ready to go and
jump up and down
oh yeah go and jump up and down yeah
boogie
and to jump on the trampoline right and
the boogie too
boogie boogie please boogie boards to
jump up and down the trampoline
while holding a slinky yeah at the park
yeah i'm also boogieing too
got it the other bear song end of the
video we can finally get the lyrics
correct
we could finally sing teddy bears picnic
together
with all the lyrics because normally not
until
the video is the end that's the end of
the snappy the bear yeah
yeah let's make the video there too
okay let's try to record video let's try
something together
what if i think so this is the correct
lyrics the correct lyrics of the song we
can normally never remember them when
we're walking out
we found like a musical if you
go down in the woods today
today is the day the teddy bears have
their picnic
picnics
little tiny bags all having a lovely
time today
watch them catch them
they never have any cares
at six o'clock their mummies and daddies
will take them home to bed because
they're tired a little teddy the video
is
the end you want to stop now devil okay
i thought we'd sing the whole song but i
guess that is enough
[Music]
juice remember when you first saw the
waterfall you asked if it was made of
apple juice
and i said no there's no apple juice in
the waterfall
remember yeah
that's right